Do you know, we still discuss that even now when we watch the games now because there really is a 50-50 on it.
You definitely see far more of the game on television, but you see far more of the game watching it live.
You get the overall picture of the field, which television doesn't capture,
and when that ball comes out in the field, you sense, oh, there's an overlap, there's a try on here and you know there's expectation.
On television, even though the camera work I think is very, very good, you don't see that.
It develops as the passing goes along and you think, all of a sudden, oh, there's an overlap, which you're not aware of prior to the camera's self-moving.
There's no pan back. I do feel occasionally when watching matches, they would benefit from having a quick camera back to give us an overall picture of the field.
So I think it's quite often, you can't see in the field who puts a hand on the ball to bring it back.
You can't see on the field who's doing a bit of the dirty nonsense. On television, it's very, very clear.
So I'd say the balance is 50-50.
But I think being at the game, of course, you do get that hoi, don't you?
And it generates a little bit more of that excitement, the noise and everything else.
But having said that, as I'm getting older, I feel that watching it in the rugby club, the hoi and the noise we get there, it generates.
There's always a big crowd there. It's satisfying my knees now, but not in the centre as well.
Of course, it was glory days. We had a fluke. We had seven or eight of the world's best players in the same team.
And it was just a sheer joy to watch them play.
And of course, several of them, because of the age thing, you knew. You knew some of the players as well. You knew them personally. So that attitude as well.